c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Hosting.AspNet.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Hosting.Common.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Hosting.AspNet.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Hosting.Common.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\BookSleeve.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Redis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\BookSleeve.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\BookSleeve.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Redis.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
